# TEAMCITY - PARAMETERS - VARIABLES
## TEMPLATES

### Project ROOT
* **PORT** - the listening port for the docker container. Set to 9000 by default.

### T.Generate Comomn Environment
* **env.BRANCH** - the branch name that is being processed.
* **env.ENVIRONMENT** - the environment where to deploy based on the commit branch. There are the **production** from the **main** branch and the rest are labeled as **develop**. The environment matches the namespace where to deploy for the non production namespaces.
* **env.VERSION** - The semantic version and commit number for the comming being processed.

---
### T.Extend Environment
#### PARAMETERS
* **IMAGE_NAME** - the name of the docker image to be generated by the supporting step.
* **MODULE_NAME** - The name of the subproject to be built.
#### VARIABLES
* **env.DEPLOY_DIR** - the deploy configuration directory for the step.
* **env.TAG** - the docker tag name to be used to publich the docker image to generate.
* **env.WORKING_DIR** - the root working directory for the step.

---
### T.Build Angular
_MODULE_NAME_ - The name of the subproject to be built.

# PROJECT PARAMETERS
* **APP_CODE** - Application code name. Not being used but will tag the images and pods generated
* **BASE_EXPORTED_PORT** - The base port for the pod number one to be deployed for the project. Each prject will have a separate port from 100 to 100. The first project is on range 30000 to 30100.
* **JAVA_VERSION** - the java version to be used on SpringBoot modules.
* **NPM_VERSION** - the node version to use on Node modules
* **NVM_VERSION** - the Node environment to be use on the project
* **PROJECT_NAME** - The all lowercase name to be used on otehr name compositions.
